one of the big kids here's my thoughts
on the Fantastic Four 2015 th other
finally got a teaser trailer after
months of not having anything we did get
an image of Michael B Jordan costume
which is interesting but now yeah josh
trank who is known for directing
Chronicle is directing this movie and
what we've seen that teaser trailer is
not much it's a lot of kind of very
clichéd you know shots of mountains and
and like humans like what do we do
explore this is based off ultimately the
Fantastic Four for people I know instead
of going in space and cosmic rays it was
a I teleportation thing into dimension
that's what the going would and this
definitely is a very different feel from
the Fantastic Four of films that we gone
in 2015 2007 yeah a very different feel
oh my god definitely it's a lot darker
tone we do see glimpse of their powers
we see kate mara kinda using a visible
shield yeah it's in there Michael B
Jordan aflame with so on and there I see
some flame flakes a little bit Jamie
Bell we see him cocoon into the thing
you know kind of looks like those rock
of the stone door rock on from master
dreamers classics and we also we don't
really see Doctor Doom if we do he's
kind of walking paths and he's that
blogger Doctor Doom which I don't know
why they're doing that
and then when we finally see shot of
them looking into like kind of the very
like sci-fi Prometheus slash like how it
was just like some sort of beam it's
like the final image which the thing
that is definitely CGI and he's not SB
but thing was ever as big as likes a
Hulk so I guess that's cool but Oh
problem I'm interested I definitely see
this I do like if it has or maybe not as
much as like say Iron Man or Hulk
spider-man or any of those heroes but I
did the original Fantastic Four films
from were like enjoyable but I just
service more access action and I hope so
that we get that in this one I want out
this we need definitely different tone
it's not I hope that we get a lot of fun
banter with Johnny so erm and by the way
I'm all for Michael B Jordan playing
Johnny so erm I don't care that Johnny
is african-american I'm all for I do
heard that Johnny and Sue will be like
adopted and so that makes sense why
they're not the same you know cuz you
know I mean they could be at least half
like a free man can have Caucasian
whatever but that's a whole different
flog but yeah overall this is very a
different tone like the same and it's uh
has been interested it comes out August
7th and I'll definitely check out it
hopefully we get some more gets like
future trailers and yeah I just want to
see like what Doctor Doom looks like in
the movie and then just see a little bit
more action so what do you think it's
think are you going to see the Fantastic
Four 2015 or do you think it's the worst
thing ever why do they do that let me
know in the comments below and for more
check out my website Sean X long Club
because to check out the trailer alinka
subscription like me on Facebook follow
me on Twitter and scribbling
subscription I'm so long I live long and
love life
rent
hmm what do with that ticking sound yes
I know right
Oh whom I do people I'm Ron Ron Ron
Weasley Ron Ron Ron Weasley